hello everyone and welcome to hot line
League episode 23 look somebody's
already subscribing and was very excited
about Olli there we go I can point it
anyway the point is we're here on hot
line League it is Monday night at 8:00
as we often broadcast people always ask
me it's the 23rd of April and there's a
well there's not been too much to talk
about recently as we're waiting for MSI
to rev up but that doesn't matter
because we've got Olli on the show
tonight oleh himself from Team Liquid
he's headed off to Berlin and just a
little bit so we'll be able to talk to
him about that and so much more come up
right now on hot line League hot line
League is brought to you by open by HP
and there we have it we are here on the
show I'm gonna go ahead and introduce a
mark my constant co-host first how's it
going mark Graham it's just safe I'm
just stunned by the intros parade was it
great what did you like about it I
especially liked how you stopped after
like four words to call out a sub that
was really well the problem is the sub
popped up on the screen while I'm like
talking in the intro let's just roll
through it okay keep trucking alright
well I'm officially in the doldrums of
the off season I'm really really bored I
have nothing to do so I started watching
Hunter x Hunter and I watched like 35
episodes in a day and a half you know
last week we were talking about how you
weren't working for offline anymore this
week the news just dropped that you're
not gonna be at MSI so it's just it's a
lot of sad to a spare mark how these
episodes you know
yeah it's about it but it would be nice
to do something like have a reason to
leave my room because if you don't give
me a reason it's not happening I invited
you to lunch today alright so I went
over the offline TV house to grab some
lights and there they were moving today
so I did leave my apartment kind of like
a clearing out your desk
kind of deal more like I had left them
with a bunch of production equipment and
I didn't get it because they packed it
up already so I was already like in the
moving trucks and shit I wasn't alright
I'll just get this another time all
right
well sounds like you didn't want to get
lunch Olli is here Olli welcome to the
show thank you yeah I
really appreciate your technical prowess
we're starting the show completely on
time yeah you know you did your best it
was great I really appreciate it
we were already a little late for my
fault too so it's it's we've figured it
out and now we're starting Olli how have
things been since Miami what have you
done cuz you guys took a little break
right
Oh in Miami yeah after Miami absent
Miami oh I just back to home and just
place a little cute maybe I went to eat
some Korean food or J pays for the lawn
and yeah I'm sorry I mean no one invites
me well you have to you can invite other
people Travis don't you live very near
by him yes
yeah I asked you what you have not asked
me you have not as long I mean like you
after everyone and I yes that I saw the
trailer and then you went to eat dinner
with like Peter Peter invited a small
group of people including I toured you
all right next up please invite me and I
saw yesterday you went to dinner again
without asked me as well Peter invited
me again in that situation whenever I
saw your dad yes the inviter
you should invite me see Peter isn't
right any notable times you haven't
invited me once Allah Travis you invited
me for lunch invite Olli I always just
and my mind pro players are just never
free and that's part of the problem I
will I will try to invite you Olli I
will try to remember like you totally
found me like three hours ago and that
item just invite you for dinner I
invited you to hang out for two hours
that talk about League of Legends
something we love with the community
yeah on camera so you can use you
sumantra
mark your why cause you're supposed to
help this work the walls and you're
supposed to help me okay everyone can
see my schedule just go a PGG basket
yeah I think I saw Dom tweeting out that
like you and impact we're playing solo Q
like two days after getting back from
Miami or like a day maybe just all away
impact went to Las Vegas and then when
he was there I just play solo three my
home and then I went to our team team
team room and then there was no one I
okay everybody left okay
well that's annoying I appreciate your
dedication I appreciate you making it
onto the show with short notice it's
very nice yeah but I'm gonna play better
old MSA so okay he's fine he's fine I'm
excited only what did you think we I
just came up mark did you see what was
happening on Peter stream no I don't
oh oh you saw that right oh yeah okay so
right before the show it's over now
nobody go oh yeah so so some girl I
don't know how this happened some girl
was talking about bio frost on her
stream and over the course of a couple
hours like Peter kept watching these
clips people were sending it for like
talking about bio frost and then Peter
said she was wearing makeup and then
she's like no here's a video of me
showing you that I'm not wearing makeup
and uh Peter kept calling by this bio
frost girlfriend like eventually he was
just like this your girlfriend so then
eventually she stopped streaming and he
invited her into discord and a wingman
for bio frost live which was like about
as good as the Kaitlyn thing although he
bio frost Vincent actually did a really
good job with it I was actually really
impressed
well by would frost is like low-key kind
of smooth yeah yeah it was great cause
Peter was just ruining at the entire
time so I'm sure by the time this will
be by the time anybody's watching this
involved form I'm sure it'll be all over
YouTube but so did did she live around
here is this like some too many personal
details
well make sense and so and so I don't
know what the resolution is there but i
was like messaging peter and trying to
coach him on wingmanning
so i was like you should tell them to go
play around together I miss ya
oleh do you know that you're like
secretly most girls favorite person in
the LCS like why cuz everyone just says
you like the most wholesome sweet guy in
the LCS my girlfriend and her entire
group of friends are all just like huge
Olaf M fanboy fangirls just always
checking your Twitter and shit because
you tweet out the funniest stuff but why
it has to be secret you know what I'm
saying a specie I just wondering if you
knew that like you have this married I
feel like it's like blur stuff like it's
not your thing you know oh it's just
like they're not hardcore LCS fans
mm-hmm but of the LCS shit that they see
they always talk about your shit because
it's so funny and wholesome yeah you
have a big big fan club they're just not
very vocal yeah I mean III stream and
then yeah they're my first watch my
stream but they're not poker to so I
mean there was a girl there was a girl
at Miami who was holding up the sign
that was inviting you on a date yeah I
talked with her actually Gianna D no she
said let's go to digital and maybe
around Miami but really being o next day
so I say oh we cannot make it we talked
about this before you could have invited
her on the boat yeah but I was lazy so I
woke up at work and the boat was 9 a.m.
oh you missed the boat literally and
metaphorically I wish I could say I
planned that out but that I said it I
was like wait that actually works that
way ok so then when you woke up at noon
you could have realized that then you
had time to like hit her up oh yeah if I
did my best
maybe I feel like this dream is slowly
just gonna turn into fine old lady no no
we don't Peter already did that on his
stream I don't want to turn the show
into that but let's let's talk about it
I wanted to call in to ask all day on a
date this is a platform that you could
do that dear go I'm not saying it has to
happen I'm just saying it could
Peter was discussing he said that he was
because his little segment with my Frost
was so successful he said he was gonna
make his own show where people could
call it to try to date pro players and
personality was gonna call it hotline
ping hotline paying or paying paying
yeah I mean if there's one thing you
know pro players are good at doing is
showing a little bit of effort an
initiative on veut several girls in
check switched out right now which was
like like Olli come to Texas hit me up
another girl says she's done this very
awkward highlight pic well the way this
shit works is we actually have a discord
so if you do want to talk to Olli and
talk about anything you're gonna need to
join the discord I'm spamming it in chat
right now and what you're gonna want to
do is there's gonna be a voice and text
channel you're gonna join one of the
voice channels general or general
general to you commute yourself or
whatever and then you are going to have
to type your hot take slash questions
for olay in the general text channel
I'll go pull people who have good
interesting topics into the waiting-room
I'll do a little mic check to make sure
it all works before we pull you into the
actual show to talk with us and if you
are a sub there's a special sub chat
that we do check and so it gives you a
little bit of an edge because we're
checking it maybe there's less people in
there so feel free if you you are sub to
sync it with discord and you can gain
access to that before we get into the
calls maybe quick chat with Olli just
between us on how he's been preparing
and then I'll do the ad which Olli can
respectfully walk away from and then we
will get into the call so really quickly
Olli how are you feeling about the about
MSI coming up and like what you guys are
leaving pretty soon right oh yeah two
days later 25 okay can I say I mean I
don't I don't think what flight you're
on I think it's fine you're leaving on
Wednesday yeah so I mean actually
guerrilla said they're like what are we
Fred with me and I'm pretty happy to see
that and I wanna play gets cool again I
met him
against that you know onwards
championship last year and we lost but I
feel like we can beat them your name is
I so I feel like you and gorilla would
get along really well yeah I see that
are there any teams you're afraid of ah
not afraid I'm not afraid I think like
my confidence is by my practice time so
yeah I knew I knew myself I practiced
more than other people so yeah I'm kind
of confidence to myself but not too
cocky okay not too cocky okay that's
good and what are you so you guys are
bootcamping over there for a little bit
right before him uh-huh
yeah I mean in Korea or in Germany in
Germany I don't know what's gonna happen
in Germany because it's not I heard I
talked with expect that g2 taught before
and he said that Europe so local kind of
shit yeah like before my dream was like
can link one on every server so maybe I
can try oh try for Rank 1 and Germany
that'd be cool
I can clone in Brazil Taiwan there's
America so how much time do you think
you need because how long are you gonna
be there for if you guys to make it out
of groups I don't know I cannot say I
cannot be oh I cannot be cookie what do
you think of that's kind of been funny
there's a little bit of memeing already
around like the reckless first
doublelift rivalry do you think
doublelift is gonna gonna take out
reckless or as reckless gonna prove that
he's better don't think supportive
different I'm Korean so you're making
fun of uh who's the support now my god
my skin yeah you think you're better
than he'll of things what you're saying
oh it's not I'm better than him but you
just said support difference support
difference means I can help
doublelift better okay
you can help what okay-y just out of
curiosity you say you can't be cocky you
play with a very cocky ADC why do you
feel like you have to be so polite
I mean I'm not actually I was not even
talking like this I feel like I got some
toxic you know from Peter I don't know
why I i wouldn't say like this even now
I feel like I'm toxic what wait how are
you too toxic you're saying really nice
things about everyone well I just I just
tried to get you to like kind of flame
the other support and you wouldn't even
do it
that's not toxic that's a nice guy I
don't know I just feel like it don't be
Auditor corrupting so I feel like I
touch me bad boy you know I did talk to
Peter everyday like and then even I
didn't wanna be like toxic sometimes I
thought to be toxic oh I heard when you
were trying to get the webcam working
once once your it worked and you dropped
like a pretty hard fuck like a pretty
big f-bomb and all chat was just like
you know the d face sad Oh case more
that is that was talking about we're
just you swear a little bit more because
kita or something mm it's like he all
alone me I don't know it's like I kind
of feel like he all want me to say some
talk Seaboard maybe deep Damion is in
chat right now and Damien says you're
super toxic super toxic yeah wow really
yeah
well that's very good I look I'm excited
to see how you guys do at MSI and I
think maybe you can bring a little bit
of na fly em to to Europe maybe that'll
be nice yeah okay so we're done okay
good thank god you're gonna simmer down
cuz you are you're super toxic right now
Oly Oly I'm gonna I'm gonna talk for a
little bit and do a little ad if you
want to go grab water or do something
else feel free but if you want to go
grab a snack or use the restaurant
that's fine because I'm just gonna do a
quick ad okay
cool sounds good okay guys while Olli is
grabbing his drink I want to talk to you
a little bit about open by HP yes
they've been sponsoring the show for
months and if you've been watching you
definitely know about their support for
the show they continue to be fantastic
they entered the gaming space a couple
of years ago for the first time and I
think immediately recognized that they
can really support like the competitive
community as these sports has really
taken off and that there's so many
passionate fans like yourself who do all
sorts of awesome things in the space and
really support sponsors so I want to
think I'm gonna buy HP I've got the
laptop behind me that I edit stuff on
that I do stuff I'm running I'm looking
at a giant
ultra wide 35 inch omen by HP computer
monitor right now we've got the omen by
HP computer this is all running off of
so super owned by HP out and I really
appreciate their support one thing that
they've been doing that you guys might
not have noticed is they've been
creating some content with CLG so
actually if you go to their twitch page
which I will put in the description of
this video as well as in the twitch chat
right now and you can go follow them on
their twitch page by the way if you do
that that really helps me out and you'll
see that they've been doing some content
with different CLG players called the
the dojo so you guys can check that out
it's the omen dojo they do a stream
normally I think around Monday so
they've got I'm sure the info up for you
guys to check that out but yeah so
they've been trying to create some cool
content with some of the players so
definitely check that out and by the way
I want to thank all of you guys for
actually tweeting at them attacked like
people some people have purchased their
gear and tweeted about it and showed a
picture and said thank you so much I do
this because you support hotline League
you support Travis and Mark so thank you
guys so much and yeah actually in the
the chat right now Christy from from
Texas says the omen dildo streams are so
good so definitely check them out I
really appreciate him thank you so much
for the sponsorship omen
that is a very very nice of you all
right and now we are back so Olli you
know how this works right people call in
to the show and then we have quick
discussions with them right yeah yeah
okay good so then if as long as long as
you know because we're gonna have
strangers come in they're gonna ask
questions or they're gonna bring up
they're gonna say things and you can you
ready
you can argue with them yeah yeah
they're super toxic they're idiots
yeah it's time to show my talk Zeke yeah
very good so mark do the spiel earlier
if you guys want to pick questions in or
we already pulled some people into the
other chat yeah okay yeah there's one in
here right now okay
oh we've hold somebody yeah I don't I
don't hear it cuz I'm in streamer mode
so they don't those noises don't happen
Avel aureus is in the chat Valerius
where you calling from
I'm calling from Texas Texas Texas
whereabouts in Texas Oklahoma up near
Oklahoma okay so right on right on the
edge what do you want to talk about on
the show today I want to talk to Hawaii
about how sport has changed over the
season and where he thinks it's going
and what he thinks needed to be changed
cuz Oh is a really great support he's
been number one before and I know he's
probably the best one to talk about this
in my opinion so what do you think of
the current state of supports
oh now like it's kind of hard to first
pick support I see only more than I came
first pick I guess but it's right now
country support is always much better
like before there is like tahm Kench or
braum like there's so many good champion
so you can just first pick but now like
it's just hard to first pick support so
karate meta is like you're like if you
want to be in to be two you have to pay
really good counter support or you just
pick Morgana or stretch like some really
safe champion otherwise you get F
your name so and then item or something
I think nowadays ad carry is pretty
strong so like you have to help ad carry
to grow up to you get like sicker out to
core item so yeah I think it's kinda
same nothing really different but the
point is like the now the blue the blue
item they go to item so like you is
sometimes if you are losing with your
blue item you cannot get 500 cord to get
a size tone so you have to be really
careful to buy the provide time because
the right time is like gambling
sometimes you can get size don't really
earlier or you can't get size don t like
50 minutes so I think just like that do
you like having would you want the blue
one to be better because it's usually on
like a lot of champions that use it a
lot it's so I don't think stole acute
players like when the blue items good
but what do you think I think when I
plug exploit and support like I just say
hey guys hey mighty carry just from just
beach wave don't trade he will not have
sized on forever and then yeah and then
I just mean by that size stone so you
like it because it allows you to do more
yeah okay okay I know a lot more ad
carries you hate it because then like
Zyra and shit is strong and they just
keep poking you yeah but it's pretty
mean just kick once and game don't only
do you have a like any favorite supports
right now like anybody you really like
to play now I'm spamming stretch on solo
kill but yeah I see stretch seems really
good now I can make some voltage by
myself oh go ahead mark OS asking just
all I have a youtube channel for his
highlights for always like great Thresh
place no I need someone to help but no
I'm gonna help me right I'll be with you
Oh what about Damien in them don't one
thing there's a BD to make like squad or
something crucial a ahaha like this I
cannot
this is brilliant he's just broke all is
trolling one up the entire time they can
help you I'm sure they can find an
editor for you please only what is your
favorite team series is it the heist do
you really like the heist or telling
legends ah I mean the Teamster episode
video yeah yeah I enjoy watching that
collapse the last episode
I'm not toxic but it's not enjoying I I
watched that and then I thought like oh
I don't want to feed this shit though I
just practice more it was really good
motivation yeah that's good
also Damon says that he's invited you to
eat oh uh yeah
Damian Damon did but when I just got
fluid by postmates you just sent message
to me and David feel free to call and
appreciate that
alright Valerius do you have any other
questions or thoughts about the support
stuff right now um yes um so I've
noticed from your past record that you
typically go nope
mobi boots uh for the quick room do you
think that's so good in whoa oh I think
even in high arrow like I just buy
mobiles and there's some kind of
half-hour Chong were made but I think
blue arrow like when I play Louie Laurie
arrow like actually lo here to me it's
like time of the master so like if I
could just make a lot but I don't know
actually super and good game so I can't
really say but I think if you couldn't
hit a fresh hook would you still go
mobis I mean just walk faster there's
just play oh ok so yes yeah okay good to
know
anything else Valerius yes
see I've noted I've notice a real
changing pattern like he talked about
how right now zyra's been really good so
blue items been
decent on her well what would you
recommend per se on poke champions would
you recommend them get a Redemption or
go for a pee I think that all just don't
play the vehicles were print that type
of books chair I think it's really bad
so poke chance are yeah I think I'll
poke chair me silly but this is free
arrow right if you if an IP like poke
support like I just I just type on so
lucky oh hey guys it's free main very
good okay so poke support sir it so good
good news from Olli Valerius thank you
so much for calling in have a good night
good night good night Damien's here he
just needs to join a text chat or a
voice channel so I can drag him in by
the way quick shout out to Rachel and
Brianne who are in the twitch chat they
watched it a o.o this past week which is
actually talked about the star the ship
yeah this bad boy
mark got a hoodie the only honey the
only hoodie that was given out at their
party the other night
you guys can check out their stuff at at
AO calm but they're hanging out in the
chat and they're cool people also they
don't sponsor this show there no
officially not a sponsor the show so I
don't have to say that I'm just saying
it mm-hmm oh it's DeRay and chat who's
Julia who I think would get along really
well with Breanna and Rachel
alright should we grab the next caller
Oh mark when to go grab them okay very
good
we'll see if we get a demon in here soon
or not thanks again only for doing this
I really appreciate for doing the show
yeah oh man Travis Owens here okay hello
prayer what happened this prayer prayer
well I've just wrecked cuz well they
just did something very distracting pray
where are you calling from I'm calling
from Aloma
California where and how's Walnut
California I think that's is that in
SoCal yes it's pretty close to me right
there to LA right yeah it's also near
Fullerton okay yes yes by the way for
everyone prayer was a prior prior he
helped put together the CSU Fullerton
panel that ovie and I did this past week
so I really really appreciate the invite
to that what did you want to talk about
on the show today per hour so I want to
talk about his always worlds experience
with immortals and if it has any
influence on him going to another
international event and then what are
the biggest differences between
immortals and Kim Lee okay so one at
time so Olay what you know you went to
worlds with immortals last year did you
learn any lessons are you going to take
anything is there anything important
that you learn there that you're going
to take to MSI I think the most
important part was that we can't like I
got confidence that we can beat because
like when I just watch SK just like oh
they're too strong they're too good so
and they cannot beat them forever but
when I play against them in scream and
on stage I was sure they're all we have
chance to beat them so I think this come
I don't this is confidence or feeling I
see this one is really good for me too
like good for me for MSI and the
difference between technical and amorous
is we have Steve Steve the money so
let's see that's the only difference is
Steve I think to make it is more
constitute a constructive is right yeah
yeah getting the team or the
organization like or I I think team okay
like your teammates
so I guess did you learn like what
happened in the
second week from your perspective
because it felt like immortals was
looking at really good get out somehow
fnatic overtook you guys do you think
you guys like collapsed or choked or
just got unlucky or like what do you
think happened from your perspective I
think after we we were to one that first
week we were like oh maybe we are good
like we are good so like we didn't
really practice more I was sure that
fatigue was like playing more than
before
so they could come back man I think our
problem was like oh we are good so we
just keep going like this but like we
practiced like 10 hours and then they
gonna play like 16 hours but maybe this
game changed something I guess yeah so
are you like a firm believer that like
just more practice time makes you like a
better player yeah so after that
happened like I don't want to regret
seriously so like now even this is my
day off or something like I like I could
just hang out with my friend but I don't
regret so I just play solo queue as I
can and even when I go to MSI we just
sit there and they just practice more
not like having fun outside so even if
Travis invited you to lunch you just
deny him to play more solo queue
I think lunch and dinner are fine like I
have to back to home and then just play
solo queue otherwise I don't know I it's
my only thing on things like if I don't
practice I forget you to myself so I
don't like that do you worry that you
could burn out all right I mean like
many people ask that but I orisons like
when I was young like 14 15 years old
like after school I just back to home
and they play other games Starcraft or
Warcraft about other games and my father
finished job and back to him he just
like wonderful
oleh are you just fucking playing game
your hockey students so I fucking turn
off my that electric tea something you
know that tongue and then my computer
just doomed so
like I grew up with my father so now
when I play game like everyone just say
cool oh you're pretty so hard all is so
good and I feel great because when I was
in home like my father was in oh and now
like I'm really happy to play everyday
have you ever like hit the wall has
there ever been a time where you didn't
want to play very much even though you
felt like you should never I always want
to play more impressive very so well
then what do you think so doublelift has
that tweet pinned about how he's which i
think is a meme but he says he's gonna
work harder than anybody else hey
seriously check opg like my way let me
check
it's like what's what's Peter's tag I'll
check his well he's got too many is the
problem
yeah but like playing with Bonnie
doesn't count
no no he doesn't what he's literally on
stream like switching between paying
healing and like doublelift Oh Olli you
got quiet did you meet yourself
accidentally no no he didn't mute
himself oh okay okay so like Louie oh no
game doesn't matter it's not good for
practice so okay doesn't don't counts
that a smartphone can't game okay so he
play main account 177 games right but my
main account 400 minutes and 170 lose so
like where they lose one day 70 game he
just played like 170 games yeah so
you've lost as many games as he's won
total yeah yeah so I play like 200 games
more and how can he say like I would be
hardest worker is this a super toxic
that we were hearing about earlier
sometimes bring these facts up if he
plays but not toxic and I'm not toxic
this is fact do you think do you think
doublelift should be playing as much as
you Oh he said like I have Korea
mentality so maybe maybe I cannot force
him to practice more but I'm sure if he
put more time I know he'll be like
fucking God like he was fucking God in
playoff but what if he can be more God
than than playoff level yeah yeah he's
gonna send to the higher level
AHA no one could touch it like even like
Lister you're so far like this yeah like
Lee's just went to Korea after he won
and he just practiced a lot yeah yeah so
she wanna be like oh why luckily you're
so far from Peter so do you think
doublelift will see this and get annoyed
with you all right very good
hey prayer anything else you want to add
here or should we because I'm also kind
of curious cuz this TL roster has three
fifths of the old Immortals roster so
like there's the acquisition of impact
and doublelift like do you think that's
contributing factor in like your success
[Music]
yeah I think like when I joined tunicate
I say our this new law story is like
upgraded version of emo emo tears
because it's like impact talk clearly a
lot sometime he just talked me like
broken grammar but like he say tons of
words like it's really helpful to our
team and Peter is like I mean he always
gave me stress to be better player so
maybe yeah maybe it's kind of post
upgrade to me like some people just say
like our flame is much better than maybe
for impact maybe flame a little better
than maybe impact but to me to play with
impact feel really great because I don't
like when I speak Korean in-game
sometime like because last year when I
play frame I just say in Korean like hey
flame we have to are you can use TP here
in Korean but
Oh in playoff I just say I suddenly say
Korean to impact hey
impact we have tip you are here you can
TP behind and in pics just got angry to
me
hey Olli shut the fuck up just speaking
oh ok cancer I'm sorry but like he just
yeah he he's like American oh yeah very
good well hey thank you for so much for
coming on
alright thank you and I just want to
give a huge shout out to you omen by HP
and I also want to thank at AO for
reaching out to you so I can learn about
their product so if they want to send me
a jacket or anything
I sent them i DM everyone everyone nice
fucking trying everyone wants to tell
you there's a true story mark walked in
to their party and met one of the
founders and was like so um how do I get
one of these hoodies and she was like
you can go buy it at at a Oh calm so at
that point of time I gave up on the idea
that too many of my friends were gonna
get free hoodies but thank you for the
smart stuff we all power and
determination / luckily getting
something thrown at me that contained a
hoodie yeah that's true mark I think so
thank you guys yeah have a good one
you too all right I really quickly want
to give some shoutouts to some people
let's see so well done you guys spawned
a sub thank you a CC r17 little cosh
altruism lol sent 500 bits thank you so
much I don't is twitch still doing their
500 bits for a dollar promotion if so
maybe you guys can check it out
Shepherd says the last he'll be the
better of flight twist sent a hundred
bits it's in full subbed mg it's Cole
sent a three seven says nice shirt yes I
don't know who that oh maybe that was
whenever we were doing the thing so
Rhett says my boy Olli heart and Damian
Estrada is on the show Jaime to start
out where you calling from
I'm calling from Los Angeles California
and are you okay are you there
what am i a daily reading facility in
North America no I'm at home yeah
Damian what do you want to provide a
little context for who you are I don't
think I need an introduction Travis what
did you want to talk about all this no
today I wanted to talk about I want to
know how Olli is liking the music that
people sent to him the rap music yeah I
I put it into Spotify but are they I
listened to that we don't mean by
everything without me just follow me but
it's like it's my thing when I like one
so I just listened to only one song
forever oh you're one of those yeah but
I'm gonna try when I pay it forward to
this song that's that's enough small
talk Damian let's talk about this oleh
not going out to dinner with people are
getting food what's what's the true
story here from you he's focused dude he
just wants us so lucky he gets invited
out he just doesn't go yeah
I mean maybe he doesn't think that he
actually gets invited out do you think
that I'm kidding away when I ask you to
come out because you say yesterday you
can drink our core but if I do in our
choir can i play next day oh it's like
that I see I understand that
yeah but I'm down to lunch with our core
okay Damian he says he doesn't have
anyone who can help him make videos for
his YouTube channel is there could you
help him find someone for that I'm not
I'm not to verse in that realm of video
editing but I could see if Marquis
edited a couple videos but you know I'm
not used to working with such a great
personality oh that's probably too hard
yeah I mean I could definitely help him
out with I mean some videos yeah get him
on camera more
oh we have stuff planned he's uh I hope
he's ready for tomorrow is there yeah
are you shooting something with him
tomorrow yeah a little bit we're gonna
shoot some stuff about music and maybe
uh some stuff about MSA actually I'm
really interested in what chat wants to
see all they talk about okay I got an
idea angel and the devil you get Peter
and double if to like review things and
just dress Olli up as the angel
doublelift is the devil yeah I assume
you're the are you not the angel see the
secret Bibble yeah there you go they
just both review things together or
something people said his favorite
American music
Olli no shirt Olli karaoke beatboxing
set ugly and Olli on a date get only
drunk and record Ellie how old are you
I'm 23
okay good gaedola drunk and record what
happens somebody just wrote Japanese
girls I don't know what that is
that's it just only Japanese girls
episode 1 all a bachelor show Oh a be
fun yeah get Olli a date okay so we've
got some good ideas there they also be
there about music alcohol or women so I
specifically rap music I know it just
sounds like it needs to be a karaoke
show we're only pigs let's get a drunk
and have a rap with some women that
point yeah just shoot some music videos
with Olay yeah yeah that's good you
Damon you could get broke Broden really
wants to do music videos so you could
probably convince him there's even a
music video project yeah I can't
convince him to work on anything else -
yeah yeah boys he's uh he knows he knows
how who to work with on this industry
you know I guess so yeah wait okay can I
ask you a question Travis yeah okay who
runs the my
Rodan account oh yeah the my friend
brought in twitter mark Avicii yes yeah
I've seen it around yeah yeah I think
it's his friend so whenever we were live
streaming or iral streaming it's here
I'll link it in the twitch chat whenever
we were live streaming in Miami he he
had all the people watching a live
stream like go bomb his friends
Instagram and then shortly after that
occurred like this Twitter account
became a thing so I don't know what's
going on there but apparently like devil
lifts that's a good yeah what is it
devil lift oh okay what would always be
a Nana column aim Jolie but that doesn't
sound very good
oh yeah creative genius
Damien any anything you want to shout
out anything that recently came out that
people can check out just the latest
episode of Squad episode 12 champions is
live on the Team Liquid to YouTube right
now
very good so people are gonna go check
that out and see what it was like in
Miami right it starts off with shots of
them on the boat without Olli correct
yeah cuz you know he was sleeping all
day in it very much yeah yeah he's he is
in a good amount hole a oh my god that's
so bull a is pretty good holy holy and
devil it's okay holy
yeah like holy everyone back in episode
23 was in the hotline League just really
took a turn for the worst
thanks so much David for coming on all
right on to the next a couple more
shoutouts
we got Lex our 888 you said a Gucci gang
alvarez subbed Youngman subbed and said
Olleh Olleh Olleh swaggy boug donated
$10 hi olli axe axe Ian Jackson sub or
sent 200 bits and bilbo swaggins
subbed as well by the way guys
streamlines now has patreon integrations
so if you don't want to use subs or you
don't want to do with it you can
actually use patreon and supposedly
it'll show up on screen I see that only
because I've lost $200 in my patreon
this month so just a little plug for the
patreon as we're waiting for the next
person this show is so sellout I'm sorry
I'm sorry
by the way some people have been using
the word gaffer gang and I was asking if
my sub should be called the gaffer gang
like welcome to look African and there's
a poll on my twit Twitter that is like
53% yes
47% know this next guy you're gonna need
to uh turn them up a little bit on your
end I'll turn them as much as possible
laggy loser is calling in where you
calling from laggy loser I'm coming from
Hong Kong
oh very good yeah your sound he sent
great yeah all the way from Hong Kong
were you yeah what are you doing in Hong
Kong oh I just live here so are you
Hong Kong and you watch na LCS yep yeah
I think I started watching an LCS one
and it was in season two oh nice
yeah and that's how how I get to know
you and to polish I know all those
people awesome and I really want to go
to Hong Kong some time I've heard mix
things but I would really like to go I
was so close whenever we were in
Guangzhou last year for worlds like Khan
is pretty close but I just get a chance
to go yeah that's all right
it's a nice seating so you can come
anytime awesome well what do you want to
talk about on the show tonight so
because I know Olli has been to many
regions and he has played there so I
want to know a little bit more from the
insider like what what's it like what's
the team culture like to play in
different regions because I would
imagine playing in Korea then you would
have to listen to the elders a little
bit more often yeah what was it like to
play in other regions as well tree in
Korea is like really strict like if you
don't play so low-key enough like your
just gonna come to you and they're like
hey all day I saw you were gonna play
like ten games at least but you just
play like six case what did you do and
then it's really pressure so like like
he didn't say it nicely you know like he
said
kind of like evil is it baby like kinda
got really angry better me like hey
wooly I you you are not food you
practice more and then look at the enemy
like they go practice more and then what
the father you doing I'm sorry I'm gonna
play more but it's like other region
like Brazil like you just like normal
forced me to practice like I was the
player but I was asking our teammate to
play so look you like hey coming just
played more so lucky place or hey at
alleles play more so look you like I
asked them to play solo queue and they
say like oh no our server is not that
much good so it's not helpful so like so
what can what will you do like some time
to argue with my teammates like in
Taiwan also same like when I play in LMS
like my teammate in practice I think
that's the problem
it's like really good team like flesh
herbs or HQ at the time like they just
practice hard
maybe their culture was good or maybe
their player we're passionate but when I
look at our team like our team just like
play maybe two blocks scream and they
just went out and they hang out with
friends or maybe just open stream in the
headphone so like at some time I just
asked them hey guys I wanna win
seriously you guys wanna win - so can
you guys practice more please yeah and
then it's kind of different so like if
I'm if I'm really passionate Korean like
of course I will play in HK because you
don't need to argue with your teammates
but when I play other Legion like I have
to argue with my teammates to let them
play more solo queue so I see that's the
really big difference okay so what's a
life outside of League like maybe I
didn't go out there much like even when
I was in Taiwan or
like I always call Anquan there is
because I just stayin home and they play
solo Q so maybe that's my problem maybe
so yes dear is being in different
regions been like you your experiences
are really similar from outside of
league of legends in all those places
because you mostly don't do much besides
play league yeah I think so just I
didn't go out that much you know who had
the best food best food Oh actually I
loved how many time on food really
there's like hot pot you must see mostly
this way
do you like it because that food is like
the best to get delivered to you or
because you just like it straight the
most it's like there's like ha ha like
motherfucker it's delicious SF really
really delicious like I was finding like
in here like oh where can I eat and
there's no apart around here yeah
actually there's no good hotpot places
in Santa Monica there used to be shabu
shabu but it closed down yeah second
most important question which had the
cutest girls oh I see Korea in Taiwan
Hong Kong where they had cutie skirt and
brassiere Hucker and America crew girl
cool girl yeah okay so they're cool but
they're not hot girl it's like oh
they're cool okay so they're cool oh
okay interested they're beautiful
they're beautiful they're they're cool
okay the secret all a is whatever region
you end up in next I hope it I hope you
stay in North America a long time but
goat say whatever region you're
currently in has the best girls yeah in
USA have like myself like like come from
like or other reason right yeah diverse
I can't just think like that their
appearance but I just know their
personality or character but my input
was like all they are cool because there
are giant they're a white girl and
flicker and some he's penny whatever
there are lots of girls so I cannot say
yeah well let's move on before before we
traded to dangerous territory laggy
loser thank you so much for calling in
all the way from Hong Kong thinking all
the way from Hong Kong that's really
nice hope it helped you have you on
again in the future
yeah thanks okay
very very good very good Olli okay I
catch them back up with the subs and the
bits so much thanks to re Waddell who
sent six hundred bits and says who does
Peter left more Olli bio Foster Travis
Travis I can answer that perfectly
adequate Jerry subbed our King subbed
Kent and I subbed Irish blizzard subbed
coolly is stuff kukuli stuff resub
dances let me help my boy Olli sculpted
soldier reset for four months thank you
everyone for that we've got sure Shara
Yuri Cherie Yuri's I'm a parent
pronouncing that right yeah we're good
where you calling from California from
California Batson Kelly
Riverside okay so not not too far out I
think did you go to the UC Riverside I
know T L did like a thing yeah okay very
cool well what's what do you want to
talk about on the show today
right actually respond to frost Karen's
lastly oh good okay so really quickly
for those that don't know cross-current
called last week and she was kind of
posing the question of is it on the
league or is it on the team to build the
brand of the players right like so
making Kody son more famous is that on
hundred thieves or is it on riot games
running the NA LCS
it's kind of like a simple way to think
and we talked about a bunch of different
stuff and some of the differences
between na LCS and LPL with how they
present the players and all that but
okay so what did you want to talk about
with that topic so I think the root of
the problem is that the East Asia as a
sphere new gaming us much more prominent
than the West I'm not sure if all I can
contest through this um oh gee I used to
do these like promotional tournaments
with like these celebrity from like
k-pop group along with like all the SKT
players or coaches and do these like
really fun tournament was a year I'm not
sure mo late have seen o or not only
have you seen SKT playing with k-pop
stars yeah okay yeah yeah so this is the
same thing happen taina they do this
like a yearly tournament like these huge
celebrities so to promote the brands
league and as a different team together
playing with these celebrities so one of
the example it was like back in 2015
when Messiah was about to retire or not
like he will play to like this a huge
Chinese celebrity and then they had
around 2.4 million yuan like Chinese
string service and that was really huge
and I think the problem with the West is
that like as a society we still see
video game as a stigmatize thing that's
like a fringe topic while in East Asia
area like Korea or China it's a lot more
accepted
what about Drake playing with ninja yeah
yeah I mean it's starting catching up
but it's not big ass like cuz like the
person Messiah is playing with it's like
this Angelababy
yeah she's like really huge she is she
has done a lot of TV dramas and she is a
host of like a trance version of like a
Korean like a Chinese version like a
Korean or I should call running man I'm
not sure yeah yeah yeah yeah so she's
one of the main clothes for the variety
show and she promotes like to talk about
Liam on those episodes and they got a
really big shout on Chinese community so
I just wonder like if is it on Rai
esparto it's on the team's hard to reach
out to this
the celebrity of like modern times like
him
well no America so I think for like big
celebrities you're probably looking at
Riot Games to do it but one of the
things that Frost was actually talking a
fair amount about was like throwaway
content as in like pretty quick stuff to
shoot that you can just make and put out
there that's like goofy and
light-hearted so there are these like
pretty high you know file shoots that
will have celebrities and stuff which I
would say you know that's something we
can work on too but I think we spent
more time of that discussion talking
about like well why don't people just
why doesn't righteous shoot a quick
thing with all a because he's a goofy a
funny light-hearted guy that who knows
what it is just something super goofy we
just you know like riot doesn't do goofy
for the most mark with their players
they do it sometimes with their casters
and stuff but not know I think this is
the difference between like 10 cent and
Ryan like for riots lot more sporting
event is much more like facial aren't
here because I I have seen videos but
Pluto my tensile or affiliates the do
variety program with troll players like
they do like these silly things like
eating up its well thrust bearing to
surprise but it it's around like an hour
to 30 minutes long so I'm pretty sure
production time will be like an hour to
two hours so they put a lot of effort
into it yeah they're doing an hour and a
half long video it's probably like a
day-long production time well also frost
said that like for them these shoes come
first and so like players will get
scrims canceled on them to take part in
those kinds of things yeah it's just
it's a lot more I don't know so they
righty
it's just thing they're more concern
about sponsorship morning yeah yeah I
think I think that was probably the
conversation to was like is this
something that we should be pushing a
little bit more and but American ready
but sure like I'm not sure if like sure
like the sports team Club I'm not sure
like sure that sports team like the team
should put more importance on these like
sponsorship or not I think it's probably
a little bit of both right so right now
the owners and riot are really close to
each other because
the new franchise thing like they
literally vote on what to do together
and I think you know it's the type of
thing where like all of them should be
focused and concentrated on how do we
broaden the appeal of this stuff like
his sport is caught following it as like
a sports thing the smartest way to
approach this or should we go about a
different way you know it's just it they
have to figure that out for their own
own situation so I don't know it'll be
interesting to see how it moves forward
but I increasingly am skeptical about I
almost worry that eSports is trying too
hard to be sports esque like I actually
you think there's a ton of stuff for
eSports to borrow from sports but I
think sometimes eSports needs to sort of
try and carve its own ways like an
entertainment property so maybe yeah you
do goofy videos with the players that
are somewhat similar like what you see
in in Asia I don't know but it's
something I've been thinking about more
and more like the ninja stream in Las
Vegas was not in sports but it's very
similar to like that that is still
within the same realm you have a
celebrity interaction that's like
important I feel like because of the is
so huge in China they're like a lot of
celebrity in China they know they play
it so that's why they elevate Li the
status as a game and that's how people
know like the fans of the celebrity
doesn't know no a pro player but then if
they see these pro players stream with
celebrities they will know these pro
player instead yeah I mean I don't think
I think celebrities is this one example
I don't think like the solution is to
bring the celebrities in yeah yeah I
understand like I feel like that's a
huge supporter wine thing well it kind
of comes together right like if gaming
is more accepted and these guys are like
Messiah is a huge star in China right so
it's it's also advantageous for the so
in the same way that like ninjas a huge
star and gaming right now like like
gifts can frequently beats na LCS
viewership or at least heist for it just
as one person so having like Drake show
up on that is like actually really
helpful for Drake like I never fuckin
thought about Drake before
a bunch of people who like his music
right now are like hating me but like I
didn't really care too much about Drake
now actually like I've talked about and
thought more about Drake and like
started recognize his music more
whenever I'm out
than ever before just because he did
that fucking fortnight's dream so III do
it yeah well I was I was gonna ask
Olli like as a pro player what kind of
content would you want to be a part of
would you want to be in fun goofy quick
stuff do you like the serious long
pieces about like your life story and
how much you've struggled or do you just
want to like have fun with the celebrity
like if you could you could be part of
any kind of video what would you want to
be a part of oh maybe ii answered like
of course if i can be friend with like
celebrate yeah yeah we good i really
happy i know it's kind of hardship those
chants and secondly it's like I wanna
have some documentary of me on myself
and maybe one day when I almost die I
want to see like YouTube video like you
want to show your kids I mean do you
have documentary on the LPL players is
just like it's this show it like big
laughing I think I'll see it does it to
like drive yeah yeah thank you sure Yuri
that's actually a it was a good topic
and I think I actually really like that
we are thinking more about this and
talking about it more because I think
it's something na LCS and other like as
wheat right like I think LCS like we're
not gonna get more League fans we're not
gonna get more attention like it's time
to sort of start thinking about now that
you've built a product like how do you
market it how do you get more attention
to it like what can you do is it like
the best way of presenting it so it's
actually a really good conversation glad
we've talked about on two shows now yeah
I just wish as their best at MSI and
I'll see you guys in the future thank
you so much thank you
only somebody
which guy keeps asking what happened to
your daily vlogs you were doing daily
vlogs and now you're on tomorrow because
I don't want to show them like I know
that I didn't take take a shower so I
didn't want to show like I'm 30 okay
why couldn't you just take a shower like
if I I don't know I didn't want to take
shower from only that one video oh you
mean the word to go so I just stayin
home and then I'm okay and just do you
take a shower before this show Oh
for two days I didn't you didn't take a
shower today for today for today's four
for two days you have not taking a
shower yeah that's why I could just play
so looking for whatever okay so when was
the last time you took a shower early
because this might be while you're
having girl problems okay today you did
take a shower but for the vlog when you
didn't do the vlog it was cuz you hadn't
taken a shower no no no I was busy I
just yeah in showers today oh it's okay
okay we will move on to the next caller
as market goes to get them I want to say
thank you to shadow demon 42 akima three
max mage were poles who sent a thousand
bits thank you so much is that everyone
goes up to Ali's twitch channel everyone
should go follow oles twitch channel I
think the subs should go oMG it's Cole
sent 500 bits and says Olli I dedicate
mine by Bazzi tu which I guess is a song
I'm not familiar with PC loves lo mo has
resub for three months and Rory the fish
reset performance feels like it was just
three months
yesterday Rory the fish that you subbed
thank you so much for the support we got
nap not that boy on the show right now
not that boy where you calling from yeah
I'm Tilly I am coming from Chile from
Chile oh man so many
that's all my session international man
that's true he brings all the
international colors yeah like from
Taiwan to NLCS so yeah I'm pretty
excited that's awesome what what do you
want to talk about on the show today on
the show yeah I have two questions so
the first one is like a host the
environment similar with house like
close communication between players
outside the game like you talk you go
out what do you do like how what do you
do what is life like whereas between all
the players like how do they hang out
yeah yeah it's like a war environment
just like we are a team or they're
friends okay do you got that only can
you yeah so he's asking so you you work
with all these team liquid players yeah
and you've been on other teams as well
do you hang out with these guys do you
go out with them do you get like you and
me and Peter got Shake Shack at the
start of the split so do you hang out
with them or is it more like they're
just colleagues for you I mean if I got
him invitation maybe I can go but you
invite me at the time so like I remember
this year I went out like four times
five times you're the first one okay
they didn't ask me okay so the tailgate
do the TL guys hang out together or do
they like okay so they don't hang out
together so it's more like colleagues
yeah do you ever play fort night with
anything my node j k-- plays it's in a
fortnight I don't play other games still
only legalisms
do you play board games oh okay so what
we're doing is they're more like
colleagues I think relationships always
it's a two-way street you gotta be in
the middle and it sounds like you stuck
in your chair playing League all the
time yeah yeah but it's like to me
I came to an a for you know for League
of Legend yeah so like whenever I went
out I just feel really guilty I don't
know why
so yeah my question goes to like that
one
Brazil is like more friendly yes I
assume it's like more cold and actually
it's like coal I think I I don't know
but in their relationship a relationship
in with people like I think so America
am i warm you go out you have more talks
and the work and the work environment
it's not like so serious
so it's me I was curious about like it
sleep represented in that work
environment and in the themes like they
manage that how they makes their friends
to question sorry can you can you repeat
that last but not that boy so you were
saying in Brazil they hang out and go do
more stuff yeah like the relationships
between people are like more one they
talk a lot the work environment is not
that serious so oh it's nothing like
analysis okay so yeah always in in
Brazil the rumor is that it's much more
casual people are like friendly and they
like just going out and they do whatever
sounds like maybe na LCS is more serious
to me people start saying but I think
NES is more professional
okay so so I I heard Roger maybe they
changed something so maybe it's
different but when I was impressive it
was not like really professional okay so
like there's less like kind of going out
like in Brazil should people go out and
party my pain gaming teammates didn't go
to party
I see so ball maybe six with him I don't
know
my team was fine does that answer your
question not that boy yeah so just well
one more thing sorry for my English it's
okay
from humble little nervous sorry Chuck
the one question last question what's
your type girl haha why is every
conversation to women you would like to
doing what your type is Olli oh okay
yeah he wants to know is again indeed uh
he wants to know what your type is like
what type of girl do you like
me mm-hmm anything I think it's not
about appearance no so far like my job
is like busy right like there's no like
it's like ice cream it's like 10 p.m.
and and then I decided to practice more
so I just play till I 1 or 3 a.m. but I
only could give my day off to myself
like only one day per week and I want a
girl who can understand my schedule and
understand my job or my passion to this
job and yeah pretty much like that
it's just like no appearance I don't
care she's cured or hot or has thick
body or I don't care just like just has
good mindset and who can understand my
side yeah that's a really good that's a
really good answer
does that answer you your question not
that boy he's so pure yes so good thank
you for calling in and thanks for
calling in all the way from Chile okay
right thank you I really like Chilean
wines
that's an interesting Travis cafard fact
okay no more no one else subbed or sent
bits during a time so I don't have to do
that I get us hang out with Olli oh only
win how much do you stream how much
yesterday's tumor like 10 hours okay and
today I stream it sticks a for four
hours yeah yeah do you get a lot of
people
watching your stream know all right
today was around 500 yesterday was
around 1000 okay so hopefully everyone
can go watch is your stream just Olay or
is it TL Olay
just so lovely Olay okay so people can
go follow your stream right now Robo
trigger has joined the call how you
doing Robo trigger I'm doing pretty good
how are you very good and where you
calling from
I'm calling from Fullerton actually oh
okay
were you I know I wasn't I'm sorry we're
out of time no what so uh Fullerton do
you go to the school there no no I um
graduated but I work a developer okay
very cool well what do you want to talk
about on the show today yeah so I wanted
to talk a little bit more the color to
callers ago gave me a good start to this
so I don't have to cover all that but I
was thinking that any LCS doesn't do
enough to help players like Olay become
popular I'll give you just maybe a quick
story so I kind of dip in and out of
casual and hardcore viewership so I was
watching immortals in 2016 a lot and
then I stopped watching and after they
got knocked out in 2017 I just randomly
realized that any LCS going back on and
I was watching immortals and they're
talking about how Olay has this really
good Morgana and people are gonna be
banning this and it's gonna be good to
see and I had no idea who all they was
and this is like the draft phase and so
you know the only way I can kind of
figure out who someone is is if they
interview them after the game if they
did well
and so I think that it kind of takes
away from your experience cuz you don't
know who players are going into the game
especially if you're casual you kind of
have to do all this extra digging if you
want to learn who players are I think
the biggest thing for me is just like
just show
who's on camera during the draft I don't
know what you think so who's on camera
like like label them you know like they
they switch from Player to Player at the
very least you guys are also talking
about game content right now this
pregame content is so serious and it has
these interviews of just really basic
questions it's not that interesting
unless they talk trash but you know
making that a little more exciting
switching it up what what would making
it more exciting look like because they
basically like the it's what is it mark
is the caster's the analyst test
normally that throws to like those
little packages it's usually us
especially the top of the day and then
there's like the avila interview some
coach interviews because I'm thinking of
whenever they like and as we get into
the game it turns out that bjergsen has
some strong words for doublelift and
then it goes to the most part because I
think that's what you're referring to
Robo trigger right yeah yeah that
content that it could sometimes be bland
like so I guess I'll talk about like the
NBA I kind of follow a lot of
professional sport or the physical
condition of traditional non EE sports
in the NBA one of the things they
compare the other traditional sports is
how good they are marketing players and
I just think about players like LeBron
he has this iconic thing before a game
where he throws like baby powder in the
air I don't know if he's done that
lately but back when he was on the mhm
also like Steph Curry they show how his
pregame rituals he does all these crazy
things he shoots threes from full court
distance like they kind of talk about
all these different things and they show
these clips of these players you know
being unique and and I think that with
na LCS you guys have so much content
with your casters like you guys you
mentioned it before casters analysts
they're kind of like the star
in a way because you do all this funny
content you come up with jokes but the
players are really the ones that should
be the stars so if you could maybe
transition some of that creativity yeah
mark stop trying to take make it all
about you all right you're right about
the problem but I think you're a little
off on some of you're like okay I don't
know diagnosing of it yeah because I I
really I think players should be the
stars of the league absolutely one of
the reasons we appear Morris cuz no
offense to all a but if you've been
listening to this conversation all this
motherfucker wants to do is play League
of Legends all day every day and you
know LeBron James is the one who has
that cool pretty game ritual where he
throws it up in the air that wasn't like
NBC or TNT it was like hey LeBron it'd
really be great if you just came up with
some little gimmick make you have cooler
so like on the one hand I think a lot of
pro players just want to play the game
and that's why you might find it hard to
have content around them
secondly I think one of the problems
with being an eSport is that what your
character does is not what your person
does so like Steph Curry throws up
half-court shots a lot of players like
going to the game and will like load up
a low star and like practice wq-- combos
or practice flashing walls and like kind
of goofy shit like they'll do one one B
wants to warm up but like even if you go
and capture those one of your complaints
was that I'm a casual viewer I don't
know who's who so how do you pair
in-game action with out of game people
right like that's a disconnect you're
always gonna have do the nature of
eSports and I Emily was in chat Emily
was saying like you know you can show
players faces more I think that's a
great idea is like after a play make
sure to show that player who made that
play like they're kind of reaction cam
or something and they can definitely do
some of stuff like that but I think
really some of what you're experiencing
is just due to the nature of being a
casual viewer of an eSport where it is
one step removed from like who was
actually doing what I yeah I was just
gonna say sort of us a follow-up to that
I've been thinking about this for a
little bit too so I kind of agree in a
sense where like especially on the
broadcast as you were saying you only
get
kind of like the talking head before the
game and you get awfully interviews and
maybe like some mic chatter or something
at some point time I went to an NBA game
the only NBA game I've ever gone to is
Lakers game I went to like two years ago
and during the break they had this thing
on screen that was like that countdown
and it was like 20 seconds with a player
and the player would just be saying and
it was like all their favorite things so
he'd be like favorite book Harry Potter
favorite song blah blah some Drake song
flavor dislike something something else
and I actually thought like that stuff
is super easy to produce and very little
time consuming like literally Olli could
finish a game go back there and they
could just say like Olli like read this
save your favorite thing read this say
your favorite thing read this it and it
takes so little time and the Edit on it
is super simple and you just kind of
churn those through you put them up
during breaks or downtime or instead of
like the schedule thing or whatever I
also think the teams are producing
really good content and that stuff
doesn't get shown on broadcast that
often or rather I don't think it ever
does and so they could just err like hey
as we get into this Team Liquid match
let's take a look at how they did or
what life was like in their show squad
which you can check out on their youtube
channel and for you just air 30 seconds
of an interesting scene from it with
like a lower third that says their
YouTube page and guess what like now
you've gotten free content for riots
perspectives they got free content they
didn't even have to produce it you can
pick like a really interesting moment
and now they're promoting their partner
thing so I don't know I think that's
that's kind of my take I think that
definitely you know whether my solutions
are right or not the idea that there's
so much content out there but you have
to do all these extra steps to learn who
the players are attaching faces to names
to see the team liquid content you have
to go follow them on YouTube riot could
be doing more to not have to have
casuals take that step I guess because
I guess you know you wanna you want to
put your most flashy your best content
up front so that they don't have to bind
it themselves so that way you can get
more people attached I guess that makes
sense yeah yeah I think the argument
would be that like the osseous is the
flashiest product what and they they do
they do actually make other side content
shoulder content like they did an eyes
on for clutch gaming the problem was
that nobody watched it so and I don't
know if they featured it on the
broadcast or not but it was it was on
the broadcast and some people watched it
but on YouTube yeah I mean there's a I
don't even think I'm not sure if it made
read it or anything like that so right
like you know speaking of clutch like
their players solo I couldn't picture I
watched every game in spring split and
if you told me before the playoffs like
what is solo look like I couldn't
picture that in my head you know because
watch do you watch between the the game
stuff uh yeah okay
and so it's just I guess there's a lot
of players if they show I think to me
the thing I'm most interested in is the
draft if they show players on screen I
don't actually know if I don't know who
like three of the players on the team
are like I don't really know who they're
looking at when they do show them yeah
yeah when they do show them oleh are you
would you be down for some funny videos
from from riot would you do something
like that I mean they totally followed
by it every time so they tell you to do
it yes do it
yeah someone so on I think was Emily
again asked if you have any interesting
like pregame rituals or something that
you do like some people like they'll
only chicken on their game days like
they'll only they don't I wonder I one
thing it's like I I had to go toilet
every time oh yeah hey Robo trigger
thank you so much for calling in really
really appreciate so we need to get a
camera in the baton that you coming on
the show
nicely Robo figure that was great super
good moving on I call thank you drink
you can pee or poop Oh mark I think it's
time for you to grab the next caller
okay to barian subs thank you
sham sham sham sent 200 bits and says
gaffer King tree block 92 subbed and and
we're all caught up with that we've got
a couple more calls and then we'll be
ramping up the show hello Travis we have
our next caller hi hello so we got
Christy on the show Christy where you
calling from Austin Texas Austin Texas
Christy you and I met at South by
Southwest right yes twice yeah well
thank you for coming up and saying hi
then what do you want to talk about I
think your mic is a little close to your
mouth yeah yeah that's way better
what do you want to talk about on the
show today
so I heard earlier today about the
Golding Guardians making some roster
changes mostly that they're removing hi
for Mickey yes I was wondering for all
three of you what kind of teams do you
think you predict to follow suit with
roster changes and I also wanted to know
if you think TSM will completely
overhaul their roster again Oh
like if TSM will overhaul their roster
right now for the summer split oh well I
think I think no TSM won't do that I
think I think they might drink like some
infrastructure changes like Reggie could
get more involved or something like that
but I doubt that they're gonna make
major changes so that's my take on that
one of their teams so I think we'll make
changes like golden Guardians Oh Greg
mark I was gonna say Olli what do you
think of Mickey you know having been
under the same org the last split like
did you play any games against him with
him like what do you think of him will
he do well I think when he has
confidence on stage like he's like
really good but like he was sort of
famous like how to say that
two-six that how to say that coin coin
flip is what they call him right coin
flip Mickey yeah Mickey so like
sometimes he's like combo to be key
sometimes like trash Mickey sometimes
nice okay Mickey like Cory has this beam
to be key so I think he has this problem
still but I think if organization were
team manager teammates maybe can help
his this stuff as he his team will be
really good but it's like he's getting I
mean like kinda hard to I don't know
there's Korean in guard court Guardians
he's the only one yeah so I hear feel
more heart like because many plane
ticket Academy like I saw like he
couldn't talk too much
he just still talk he just tried to talk
but sometimes he just wanna like he's
playing tons of stuff but he cannot do
it in English so like he fell really
stressful so I think if Gordon ideas
want to do something better with Vicky
they have to put in one Korean player or
Korean coach I guess otherwise like
Mickey will be really stressful do you
think that this is a good move instead
of having high on the team I think like
like we lost eg we lost there once like
though they were okay maybe they just
didn't know well they got last yeah take
a loss but I felt like they had some
potential maybe but yeah I don't think
high I I saw I was like man shockula
there and then whenever you watch the
game like hi hi Mouse was know stuff
like it wasn't he was beatboxing during
a game that is true I mean BK want to be
like hi so if Gordon gotta swallow mean
they have to like bring one more Korean
who can speak more I mean isn't that
okay tell me those isn't that an issue
though because then you have like right
now they can try to get Mickey to speak
English
and to work with the team that way if
you bring a second Korean player now
you've got half the team speaking Korean
and half the team speaking English right
oh it's like four instrument I played
high Mt
I like flame also has some like he got
stressed for because he whenever you
speak he spoke English he felt like he
has to use his brain energy maybe that's
what he said
like he always got stressful like my
speaking English so but I was happy game
like this time what you can say in
English like I was like helping him a
lot every time so like making this
someone like that because he's not used
to be in other country yeah so you think
that the language barrier might be an
issue and sort of the cultural barrier
yeah like if they just play like this
poster I feel like they are not gonna be
like team yeah cooler and it's not like
every Korean just instantly gets along
but it's still better to have someone
that you can probably relate to on the
team than just feeling alone okay back
to back to Christy's question
oleh do you what other teams would you
expect us to make changes roster changes
these this summer yeah right like right
now oh only bottom tier team gonna
change like opti was last right okay
according ideas clone during my quest my
quest I say flag cast golden guardians
of take 3 gonna change I don't think
it's gonna change they just need more
sinners so I see this 3 team ok very
good
do you think do you think TSM will make
any changes or do anything different I
feel like they're they're gonna believe
in their players like like oh you guys
are best about you in Western and then
all my current you have so much
petitioner like oh we have best coach
song like we gonna like work together
and they actually we're good but we just
lost because we didn't best rich maybe
like this so I mean they were really
good in stream like I learn a lot from
BC so
I think there's no way to change their
luster we are there the best in the west
their Botley
I'm not talk see mark how about you and
he what teams do you expect to make
exchanges I would say like yeah you look
at the bottom three teams that's the
obvious three
I don't think clutch will cuz it was
hard like I mean they got third fourth
didn't really under perform
I don't think echo fox will but maybe
they just like given how their season
ended and they had some roster shuffling
kind of going on at the very end that
would kind of be like my Dark Horse team
to see one changed up anyway it's just
just cuz it seems like they were they
were close to letting that happen
anyways yeah I expect to see TSM say the
change to stay the same flight quest to
change golden Guardians is already
changing optic and yeah I think CLG will
stay the same although I feel like
they're like CLG could surprise us I
think if you're if you're CLG you have
interviews with all your players and
your staff and you try to decide like is
there is there an obvious change I think
one of the problems with the split right
now are the break in the split right now
is there aren't that many options right
like Golden Gardens is playing from like
a questionable player no offense to
Mickey who's had like who's usually
considered like a 50/50 player from like
an Academy team it says there's not like
a lot of free agents that are well-known
and or whatever so I don't know I don't
know Chrissy do you have anything else
you want to talk about I was wondering
if Olie could do some freestyle
beatboxing cuz I really liked that
little sample that he gave earlier I
[Music]
give a I don't think this mic is good
enough to it sound if you did a little
bit okay okay a liter liter okay
[Music]
yeah that was good I mean I could not do
that so good job
thank you so much Christy
we lost avec qui who was in the waiting
room I don't know yeah his question was
kind of similar in sense for over ten
minutes uh you mean we we started late
so maybe and maybe we just end with all
right bring it back okay all the reason
you here longer Chavez has fallen online
that's fine they double have toasted us
woohoo hello everyone from Peters stream
welcome to this show this is a show
about League of Legends eSports we've
got Olli on it's a call-in show if you
haven't been here before or you haven't
seen this that's that's what this show
is mark did you see what happened no
Peter hosted us so we have 14,000 people
yes yeah yeah should should we okay well
I guess I'll call the stream right now
my night's ribbond but his fans are
amazing people and they they're so
awesome I can't believe how many are
following right now there's a great
follow train happening on the show right
now it's amazing really quickly for
those of you that have not seen the show
before this is a show where we have
people that call in to the show so it's
kind of like a live radio show we'll
probably go for a little bit extras just
because you guys are all here and yeah
and so if you if you want to call in
maybe we'll add three more calls to the
end of this mark is that could you have
time without I'll put I have time I'll
put the link in twitch chat right now
spam it if you want to talk to to Olli
about something we'll pull another three
people into the waiting room and just
make sure that when you put your
question in as you are actually in one
of the channels like the general channel
to join a voice channel and then you
type
questions in the text channel so I can
pull you yeah
in say make sure your mic works yeah
thank you Yoona for the sub and real
foxy for gifting one two doublelift and
thank you to double F to I told I would
pay $100 to if he's up if he hosted this
so that worked out well
we have Janelle on the show holy shit
I'm gonna buy so many posters you know
is on the show
Janelle where are you calling from okay
you're a little you're a little quiet
I'll turn I'll try to turn you out and
you so you were at the Miami finals
correct yes I was okay is there is there
a team liquid okay wait I feel like
there's a story here based off tone yeah
do you I actually don't know if you're
being if you're trolling or not mark do
you know no I don't know is this is this
the girl we're talk about earlier yes so
Janelle well so I didn't fucking held up
a sign that's old you you're very
sarcastic person she's now held up a
sign in the audience that said she was
rooting for Team Liquid she wanted to
watch Gossip Girl with Olli and go to
Disney World with them so now she's here
Janelle what do you want to talk about
on the show today
so I wanted to know how the fans differ
from each region and how that fits you
and which is your favorite to play in so
only you've played in several regions
now what is it like with the different
fans oh actually I didn't have that much
fun in Korea and well when you saw how
the fans treated other people other
players right yeah yeah I know Korean
fans are really till like they always
give some food or something
yeah give a lot of gifts yellow juice
and in Brazil they didn't give me that
much but they just like when I met them
they just tried to hug me or sometime
kiss me like I had to avoid like this
and yeah they're like really like how to
say like like well really cheerful yeah
I said when I play on stage like some
time I was because they sure
sollozzo and then America Taiwan there
are some fans like they're kind of
similar as the Korean friends but like
we could have just talked with them that
much because they didn't speak English
and I didn't speak Mandarin male and
America I don't know I didn't I met some
fans and they were they were nice and we
always took a picture right after game
your aunt but in Taiwan and Pragya we
didn't have this stuff that much so only
when I went to event I could just take
took a picture with them but yeah like
it's really thing in America I'm really
happy to see my fans and I always take a
picture together like it's like in
America I can feel like more close
because sometimes they just talk to me
yes so that's all like in-person fans
there what about like online fans really
nice there I don't know they some people
say like Brazilians are like loot to
other people but I mean they are nice to
me
so III don't know I love and Taiwan fans
is like they're nice but they like
gossip they love gossip so these fans
love gossip
yeah they love gossip like it's not like
like they love gossip at all so you can
expect like some kind of their version
of reddit thread about you and Janelle
bye so it's like if I say something
wrong like because like because I'm not
speaking Korean so like even here like I
can make some my beasts understanding
blah blah blah but like Taiwanese fans
just catch my words like oh although
you're so fucking cocky because I say oh
I want to be the best support but maybe
the translator just say something
differently and he's maybe he means like
I I say all I say I'm best appointing
the world so my people just like use the
gossip like oh let's say he's the best
support in the world and he's so fucking
cocky I
I hate all a blah blah blah and I was
like my life got fucked up but I mean if
it's like that yeah so then Jenelle's
next question it was was it which which
fans do you like the most or was it just
which region Jenelle I guess first
region okay so which region have you
enjoyed the most
I think Taiwan and USA - Roger I love
them oh okay so you can't pick I can't
pick I know you have to pick gun gun to
your head oh but you say I have to
choose - yes a so I'm gonna say okay you
have to say North America otherwise the
Canadian fans get angry
ah North America yeah cool
you want what take take him Travis yeah
are you from total no I'm American I
don't know I think mark just wants me to
go to Toronto I want to look in about
yeah Janelle he's from Canada
Janelle do you want to go to Toronto
yeah I was just oh really a lot yeah oh
so then you're very familiar with
Toronto yeah oh okay so you could be
like oles guy in Toronto sure okay well
maybe maybe after em aside you guys can
talk or something yeah discord come on
yeah we'll figure it out Janelle do you
have anything else that you would you
want to talk about ole's describe just
wanted to say that they loved you and do
you want to go to Disney World is
Frawley I never been to Florida
well you work Miami's in Florida
Miami's fruit on Florida's big yeah ah
yeah so Florida is here and I am is here
no no
Miami and in Florida so you got Florida
which is a big state you know the bottom
of Florida you have Miami in Orlando oh
you were in Miami and Janelle is from
Orlando and Disneyworld is in Orlando so
she was saying that you could go with
her to Orlando oh they're both cities
Miami and Orlando to Florida yes okay
good
there we go if you go to Florida you can
go there but maybe you guys can go to
Toronto too good
yeah there we go Janelle thank you so
much for calling in people who are
spamming your Twitter earlier so I'm
sure you'll get some interesting tweets
thank you so much those good question
thank you okay three more callers we're
wrapping that stuff up so many followers
right now I know the follows don't
display on screen but I see all of them
and I thank you guys very very much for
for following it's really really nice
and I hope you guys enjoy my future
streams and future hot line leaks we did
a show with doublelift a little while
ago actually he was on the show that's
up on my yeah many you guys showed up
like we is here that Qui where are you
calling from
I'm from Massachusetts where matters
Worcester I'm at I'm in school you go to
uh WPI know what's your steak okay very
good
well hey what do you want to talk about
on the show well first off congrats only
you winning the split makes my time
spent as a TL fan finally worth it so
the the golden Guardians
I know caller just called babe they came
out with some pretty big roster changes
and of course read it didn't think it
was a good idea but I do I think that is
it's a long term good idea
not so much short term but uh it'll pay
off from the long run oh they go all
Guardians roster changes thing yeah yeah
okay so why is it why is it a bad short
term why is it a good long term so of
course
hi
leaving the team that's going to be an
English speaker gone and Mickey's
joining yeah I guess he doesn't speak
that good English it's gonna be hard for
him to gel with the team at the moment
and he probably doesn't have the
shotcalling experience that hai has
that's all the short-term problems in my
eyes yeah but I mean those are pretty
little bigs you're like oh it's only
that they lost their shock collar and
that Dave guy and somebody who doesn't
speak the same language as the rest of
the team yeah however um since I've been
a teal fan I Harry lor low and in Matt's
comms on the squad series for the past
what two years two years they were very
vocal and I think that they can do a
very nice job in you know not replace in
in in kind of taking highs role and in
being the main 2-shot colors yeah they
were very vocal
specials move to the assistant coach I
think he's gonna bring a lot of
experience and even the Academy teams
their prospects it's a lot of good
talent and experience they can even be
developed for else yes I think that uh
that uh lauder
or is it Benji now I think that he he
had an injury which was why he left Team
Dignitas but he's coming back he's been
spending so look you and I think that
he's comparable to deathly sorry I
thought he was on the Academy team yeah
it is comparable and skill level to
definitely they can they can sub out I
think that developing him on the Academy
team there's a possibility if you know
he's you know getting to the level of
LCS he's comparable to deftly on skill
level and even she brings a lot of
experience all mostly the same problems
like you know do you have enough
consistent firepower and skill to like
can beat teams like Team Liquid
and like other teams that are you know
quote-unquote stacked at least for the
North American region like is is
swapping definitely for LOD sound like
the the play that you're gonna make to
somehow make the playoffs in summer
split and get enough championship points
to go to Worlds I'm sorry I think my
University Wi-Fi is making me bug out
it's okay we can talk about this so so
one a golden Guardians consistently says
that they're playing a long-term view
and so if that is the case may be
swapping out hi is a short-term loss or
maybe they will just stay the same but
long-term they're gaining a player who
will learn English learn how to better
communicate and to be able to mark don't
argue with hunter in the chat right now
would that I always argue people in the
chat I don't I'm sorry I'm still getting
okay Beck we it's fine what we'll we'll
just switch you to another channel and
we'll kind of answer your question
hopefully you can catch it in the pod
but thank you for the question so and
you know we'll just figure it out sorry
your Wi-Fi is cutting out alright so
yeah his his general conversation was
just about is this a good or long term
decision I think it's a good long term
decision I mean obviously as we
discussed in last week's episode I'm a
little biased on the golden Guardian
stuff but I think I don't know if
they're gonna get anything better than
last place and summer split but I do
think they can now take the rest of this
year to get Mickey associated with the
team get him learning English I mean we
saw that serif was you know once he
learned English I think it was much
easier for him to communicate with his
team from the time that he was off CLG
and went to another team so I think I
don't know I I think this makes a little
bit of sense and you know they can make
him more consistent I don't know mark
short versus long term I think it's
better than sticking with that roster
for another split I think any move is
the right move there unless like any
night necessary support would that be
the right move mark okay I'm talking
about things that might actually happen
I think I want a good relationship with
that team that's great
what I'm saying is it's between spring
and summer a lot of people under
contract it's hard to make a big splashy
move or whatever you're gonna try and do
the big brand big name signing it's hard
to do that right now so like I
understand that like maybe Mickey's not
the sexiest pickup in the world but I do
think like it was good to try and change
some things on that team overall is this
exactly the right move no but I'd rather
see them trying something than just
doing the same thing again Olli
so we kind of talked about this before
but you know Mickey you are a Korean
player that you traveled a little bit
before but you came to na LCS like how
long do you think it would take for him
to feel comfortable have pretty good
English skills like become a part of the
team I mean like even I just talk in
English like Brazil and Taiwan and here
I just spoke English for almost like
about four years but I still feel hard
to talk with like native speakers
sometimes sure even now I just watching
like Netflix drama like orange juice new
play or gotcha girl or sometimes I just
watch the English movie and it's just
hard like even though I feel really hard
I can't be really comfortable with my
English but just think like I study
English lilial a lot when I was in high
school to go university so like when I
went to my brother and Taiwan my English
was like okay to communicate but usually
pro players didn't study hard English so
it will take long time for Miki IMO if
he wants earlier he has to study a lot
like my job is like yeah as you know
like I just stayed home forever like I
don't go out but when I have time I just
watch English drama to like be familiar
with English yeah I mean like Olay is
definitely a lot of like maybe Kony and
reignover probably like the most
proficient English speaker and Koreans
that we've seen so like all they
obviously saying he puts in the work to
learn how to speak English like it
doesn't just come easy either most
important follow from this though is
what's your favorite character on Gossip
Girl
Oh Chuck yeah Chuck Bass this shit shit
it was he I don't know how you describe
him oh he was like Lilly Playboy like he
just went to bar or something else and
then doing something you see yourself
going you're like a playboy that's who
he wants to be he wants to be Chuck Bass
no no I mean he was Playboy but he
turned to be like nice guy one by one
like yeah like because one love with I
forgot Blair Blair all right no more
spoilers let's move on the next caller
let's see any subs or bits or anything
that I need to shout out as we move on
to the next caller we shall see
yes so again real Fox you thank you for
the sub to double if Miss Lee MSS ly
thank you for the sub and louder 99
thank you for the reset four months
that's very very generous of you hope
all you doublelift folks are enjoying
your time here that's a great transition
because we got a double lift question
Hunter hunter disagrees with your guys's
decision for that being the best
character I mean if you're gonna
complain about like what they've done
wrong every person in that show has like
fucked up massively
okay and maybe I don't know maybe maybe
Chuck Bass is one of the worst guys but
you know whatever all right
bluejay gotta kill blue jay you've been
a blue jay you put all this show before
right yes yeah well welcome back where
you calling from Kitchener Ontario
Kitchener Ontario somehow I knew you
were a canadian i think i blue jays like
there's a isn't that a Canadian thing
like the blue Jing interesting you
should ask Travis because it's pretty
popular baseball team from a pretty
popular city that ole a would like to
visit Oh in Toronto okay yeah yeah
lacuna maybe maybe more yeah after only
wins MSI is gonna go hunter is very
offended with you mark um all right
bluejay what do you want to talk about
on the show so I actually just wanted to
ask him what is the best and worst
things about playing with doublelift oh
if you just got bites poor double have
just sent all of his fans here and now
Olli is gonna expose them best and worst
things about playing with doublelift
and can I just add a rule you can't say
I'm not toxic this toxic bad okay one is
Dorothy why don't we just start with the
worst thing and then we'll get that
other way worst thing is playing with
that left okay okay that's cool okay
worst thing is he he pie both unban yeah
he doesn't care about you you're saying
yeah it's like you know f sorry we won't
any SS I said to Peter hey Peter we
didn't pray I saw this page so I wanted
to have a great quick break and then
just come back and when you come back
just Tammy we can do like play Kaiser
and then Christ applause new support we
can practice about it and then he just
came yesterday and then today I so maybe
you gonna ask me to or something and
then he just tweet o1p a I'm allowed to
eat biotrust I was like well you were
doing with sticks a right yeah X's okay
so you do or the sticks a because Peter
do it with bio frost yeah okay stick say
hey if by frost you with him again just
come to me I'm down to do it every time
okay
okay okay all right so now that we've
got that away Team Liquid announces what
is what is the best thing about Peter
best thing I think during season like he
talked to me about my problem and it was
not nice way really not nice wait again
this must be the best thing he's made to
talk was not nice way but there's always
but you know but but oh he always makes
me might made me and I better player
always gave me some stress pressure to
work harder I think in short term that's
bad but in the end it's good shit yeah
do you think you are a better player
because you played with Peter I think I
took to be much better computer so
that's why I say he's good he's good
yeah cuz I see like I felt like at the
beginning a split like you guys were
kind of like there was a little bit of a
rift but by the end of it like didn't he
turn and like hug you at finals like I
felt like you guys were much better even
if now he's cheating on me with Vincent
I feel like she has something like I
don't know how to say wait it's like you
know like usually he's like bad boy like
fuck you lie like this and then when I
do something well only once and then he
said ah I will give you a carrot
motherfucker yeah I mean I me so like we
change ok just clap hands and ok in the
end we just finally hugged yeah I think
I gotta say though ol8 like maybe other
people agree but I would say as a split
went on you guys became kind of like a
wholesome duo if you would like I was
time went on I think I think things did
start to seem a lot better
would you describe your and double this
relationship as wholesome maybe it for
entertaining I can say all we are for
but the leader is not wholesome okay all
right well we tried any anything else
blue drink I have yeah a quick question
who's your favorite team is scrim
against autism and why
oh they play really seriously okay like
I can learn a lot every game yeah thanks
a lot for having me again yeah
really appreciate care guys yeah are we
are you in a ranked game right now me
yeah this court says you're in a ranked
game of legalism Oh wouldn't that be lit
though yeah I would be impressed anyway
thank you so much for calling
alright see you guys all right I believe
we've got one more caller I want to give
a shout out to Matt eFRAG for the sub
Korean Jesus 21 for the sub drumsticks
samurai for the sub and bon dance for
the sub I'm trying to see how close are
we to hitting my right I think my record
is 600 sub-points and we're at 585 so I
don't know if we'll ever hit or break
the record on this and this because
we're wrapping up but we'll see we will
see exponential what's going on hey
how's it going
where you calling from Chino Hills
actually shino hills in your subs we
were just talking about subs thank you
so much for stopping us up Chino Hills
so pretty close and you have a really
weird eye I wish I could show this on
the the stream I don't know how to but
you have a really interesting profile
picture it's like a self drawn
teamliquid horse yeah I didn't drive
that that's the old yeah it's a meme
picture for when when we sucked yeah
that was I that was unintentional
I've had that one for a while I just
thought was pretty funny so okay very
good
us it's a good it's only like said you
yes
whatever you first see it I'm sure
somebody can find it and Link it
and or yeah people enjoying the discord
and look at it and maybe people you link
it wouldn't you first see it you think
it's like the actual Team Liquid logo
because it's so small and like your
thing saw that you were a sub and I saw
something very different all a really
likes the picture I'm gonna try googling
you you answer the question they find it
for Olli so that you can see the full
version exponential exponential what
what do you want to talk about i I was
gonna say that I think it's good the
teamliquid didn't go to Korea to
bootcamp I think that any use they try
to they like fall in a trap of trying to
copy Korean teams instead of playing
like their own style yeah what by the
way we didn't ask you where you come oh
yes chino hills' chino yeah sorry okay
mark found it it's a yeah we'll put it
on the sky for you blowing that's the
message and I'm just going to you you
just gonna copy it from that tweet horse
is so cute alright so the question is
was it smart for because fnatic went to
Korea to bootcamp teamliquid did not
Olay do you wish that you had gone to
create a boot camp or do you think that
it's not helpful
Oh actually my relate is much higher in
Korea so to go to Europe well I mean I
yeah I mean it's okay
but I feel like you can learn more so I
would you do you feel like fnatic will
have an advantage because they went to
Korea I mean if they do scream but they
didn't go at all right only this no Oh
was it just reckless I thought fnatic
when I'm sorry sorry I've been corrected
only reckless went according to shut I'm
sorry guys I got that wrong that's my
fuckup for the show
one
you got selling the same work no we
started right on time
so only do you why didn't you go to
create a boot camp I I said that I say I
want to go to Korea and they say oh we
are not going but you could have gone
for like two weeks right yeah and then
they say if you want all you have to buy
a ticket by yourself oh you so you
didn't want to buy the ticket right
don't you think reckless probably bought
his ticket maybe it's not too late your
flight to Germany is on Tuesday so you
could try Wednesday so you could try to
catch a flight right now fly over you
could probably packed it practice for 12
hours in Korea and then have like a jet
lag yeah not be able to sleep for days
before the tournament yeah so one of the
things I know exponential I think said
in the text thing was that sometimes
people feel like the people practice in
Korea and then they try and copy the
Korean style but they can't play it as
well and there's like a concern that
like you're showing how you played a
Korea and I know some fans have a
sentiment that screaming in Korea while
it does make you better doesn't actually
improve your chance of winning what do
you think to people who say that kind of
stuff I think play against Korean team
is really good every time but I just
think just playing solo q is good so
like the copy stuff is like I always
watch Korean streamer so I know what's
going on in Korea solo q so I can learn
a lot but it's still the same game like
League of Legends to live legend Korea's
soul okay same as different you can feel
like oh they are so a great player I'm
playing against like really like fakers
there maybe read it is there and there
are so many great players so you can
feel like oh I'm good enough to play
against them but the thing is like yeah
it's like like really top
game is kind of same each region like I
believe in Korea maybe two hundred
changers are really really good players
and maybe North America maybe fifty
players are cut players like that so
like but I can play like if I just
getting higher you know like I can play
or guess like really good players in
there's America yeah well I know cuz
world's is in Korea this year so I know
that all the teams are gonna go bootcamp
in Korea but I think screaming against
the Korean teams because it's season six
I guess TSM when they were winning games
early they just won super early all but
the whole season that's how they won
their whole summer split and then they
came to Worlds and they played like this
super slow tried to it was but they
basically just tried to do the Korean
version of the game but did it worse so
I think that it's better that teams are
trying to keep it on individual ways of
how they win the game instead of just
trying to copy what the top Korean teams
are doing it at their I think I'm not
gonna copy their support it's like it's
like I think I was the first first of
all who made like a team morale cabal I
believe I was the first and then when
one news for Ghana and Caitlin I like I
just say like oh we're on kitchen is
broken and I was using and then somehow
people just start to play Morgana
Caitlin even like when I was in Taiwan I
look at like an oasis and I just OH
Party Party ships good and I just start
to play about part so like copy is not
good way like sometimes just watch some
other region I just copy their way if I
seeks good so I'm gonna copy Korea if I
feel like that's good so like Korea is
that the best maybe seems best option to
copy but I'm not just gonna copy like me
blind for it
yeah very good
hey thank you so much for calling in I
appreciate the call exponential and I
hope that we can we can talk or have you
on again in the future
sounds good alright I will
talk to you in the future all right bye
alright so that is the show and sorry it
was this policing discord a little bit
most important shot we can give of
course is that as you guys may not have
been here for always DMS are open so
they don't do that Janelle I did not do
this you know I'm doing it too Olli yeah
thank you
yeah well I'm just being like you know
who else is gonna I want to show it to
you owned by HP for doing the show at AO
is a clothing company that makes really
cool hoodies mark is gonna show one here
in a second they're not a sponsor of the
show but they are friends you can't
really get an image of what the product
looks like so just go check them out at
a calm because Marcus Tut Joe very
amazing but it's high fashion yeah so
Rachel and Brianne made those there
they're cool people you can check them
out I don't know if they're still in the
chat or not but they they're really cool
the hoodie that Olli is wearing right
now is not in at a hoodie but you could
be wearing it at a hoodie if you'd want
I'm gonna stick around for a couple
minutes after the show so you don't feel
like you need to leave yet but mark do
you want to give any shoutouts and he
plugs uh you know I usually say no
sarcastically like haha I really do I am
working on stuff and I should probably
shout it out but this time I
legitimately I'm doing fucking nothing
with my life with this show I watched 35
episodes of Hunter x Hunter in the last
24 hours
I'm gonna watch some more when this is
done I'm very bored and I hope to no
longer be bored in the future you really
need to invoice me because if this is
the only thing you're doing I'm
financially sound individual Travis
don't worry about me okay good then you
don't need to invoice me don't worry
about it we don't we don't need to Olli
what do you have anything that you want
to shout out anything going on in your
life anything you want to say to the
fans
I have been doing my best to like for
MSI so the only thing I can do is like
just play we're on stage for North
America so just please cheer for us and
maybe maybe we can fail one or two games
maybe but we always try to come back and
we like I saw our team this split and
they work really hard so please give us
some belief and yeah we gonna practice
hard and they play better how far can
you guarantee you're gonna go okay I
think I think most of North America will
be happy with me yeah top four would be
nice yeah I'll take it low expectation
get higher or something you know you
think top four is low expectation to me
at least Wow nice that's cute
are you gonna hit up Janelle after a
messiah
was genocide Jolie Janelle is the woman
that was in here earlier she wanted to
go take you to Disney World or Toronto
will you talk to her after MSI I mean if
I mean if he wins the plane goes left to
Disney World
if Olay doesn't win the plane goes right
- he plays a ton of soloqueue like fix
my teeth stuff after MSI so even though
I mean maybe I'm I feel like I'm not
gonna make it okay well you can't talk
about how you're lonely and then never
talk to the girl that wants to hang out
with you that's why I advise to you only
let's all get lunch this week you mean
Travis
yeah we're two days from now yeah
they're leaving on Wednesday Oh what
they're on a bootcamp yeah you tonight I
don't know why I thought I don't know
I'm a dumbass yeah Normie all right
tomorrow it is tomorrow I have a meeting
with that Damien just push it push it
I know Damien it's fine tell Damian to
come and shoot this instead us getting
lunch oh wait maybe you just talked to
him because I feel sorry to him so he's
saying yes in chat so this is gonna go
fine oh he said no no yes
that's that's a yes Damien just message
me and he said it's fine we don't need
him at that time anyway he said just get
him back by 3:00 p.m. I don't know
Travis is strolling or not Jesus Dame is
just drawing into it show we can totally
go hang out I have a meeting at 2:30 so
anytime anytime before 2:30 yeah
we'll have to be done by 2:30 ok for me
I want to shout out to Peter who hosted
this channel I really appreciate that
thanks to omen thank you - well you were
still on the show I mean he can't he's
almost ending and he can well he didn't
know he just hosted me for all he
thought I was gonna stay for a while you
can't be upset about that
well I mean doublelift has been on the
show before I think he knows it ends
around this time yeah but he hosted me
right when it ends and so he knew that
we'd probably go longer I think it's I
think it's fine but ok that's fine
he hosted the show that you're on Olli
like thousands and thousands of more
people saw you because of Peters
generous hundred dollar paid host so
yeah I'm sure that's that's what all I
lives for is Peter exposing who he is
yeah it's game Paden exposure yeah thank
you so much only for coming on the show
thank you everyone for watching this we
do put this out is that if you're
watching it right now on Twitch and you
haven't you missed the beginning of it
you want to see it it'll go up on my
YouTube channel in the next couple days
in the next 48 hours
that's youtube.com slash travis cafard
people will link that in the twitch chat
as soon as they hear me say this if
you're watching this on youtube and you
want to watch it live twitch.tv slash
sotl Travis mark and I try to do this
Mondays at 8:00 hopefully we have a TSM
player on next week we're trying to
negotiate that right now with parth
maybe it'll be hard to knows but that's
a little bit of a teaser next week
iTunes and Google Play have audio
versions of this podcast more and more
of you guys have been listening so feel
free to go subscribe listen to it there
so thank you so much to everyone who has
hung out I'm gonna hang out on stream
after this but I'm sure Olli and Mark
are gonna head out here as well so
thanks everyone this has been hot line
League episode 23